what are you doing outside well well
past curfew I'm so sorry
I just had to take care of my sick
father yeah I like the whistling
function in this game
all right
the biological sample will only be at
the Shoshana warehouse for another few
hours we can't afford to let it get away
we just need to be more subtle if I see
you between here in the warehouse ought
to call off my part of the assignment
right is there a way I could get up on
the roof yeah that works over there you
should be able to get up I'll meet you
at the warehouse good
come on
perfect
if I remember correctly there's another
guy behind the swamp yeah
sam fisher how do you get into such
situations and now we go on the roofs
actually when we enter this apartment
let's be quiet be very very quiet
because there's some guys watching
something
all right
it's quite a deserted place I mean I
don't know what's up with this
why aren't they allowed to be on the
streets after a certain hour I don't
know yeah
I needed to take out that light so I can
rappel down on the wall otherwise
Oh
whoo yeah so if I don't shoot out that
light then somebody will see me as I
ever fell down the wall okay so here we
are this is the place but first let me
just go here and pick up some stuff at
first I thought that there's nothing of
interest here but there's actually there
are some items like sticky shocker and
ring foil round which can be useful
let's see if there's anything here
account remember
yeah very nice although I didn't really
need all that panel but oh well it's
good it's good Sam
so more room for rounds and you may have
noticed that I didn't really use them
see I have four of each well I had to in
the beginning of each and now I have
four the reason for that is because
there's a really really hard part coming
right here who do the Syrians think you
are a double agent
they think I'm betraying Mossad really
you don't have to come to the warehouse
teamwork isn't exactly my mo you can
take it up with your superiors Brunton I
believe his name was all right then
you ready we're stirring up a nest of
vipers here you want to come inside
alright guys this is another one of
those moments where you get to decide
what happens to mr. Holley at all
so on one hand it's our boss telling us
to kill her so he probably has access to
more informations than we do and you
know he probably knows what's better but
on the other hand she's unarmed she's
she helped us out so far and maybe he
well the boss is just using us to do his
dirty works and maybe he will
who knows he will probably sabotage us
or something
well anyway I'm going to save here and
you get to decide what happens to her so
please vote by leaving a text comment to
this video and I will see you all very
soon